Add macOS editor location to README since it's not obvious (#332)
godotengine/godot-vscode-plugin: README.md

2. Select **Text Editor > External**
3. Make sure the **Use External Editor** box is checked

> 4. Fill **Exec Path** with the path to your VS Code executable
>     * Mac OS: `/Applications/Visual Studio Code.app/Contents/MacOS/Electron`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Fill **Exec Path** with the path to your VS Code executable
    * On macOS, this executable is typically located at: `/Applications/Visual Studio Code.app/Contents/MacOS/Electron`
```
